Broadcom Earnings Run Headlong Into Stock’s $730 Billion Rally

Wall Street expects Broadcom to post 34% year-over-year growth in adjusted earnings per share for the fiscal third quarter.
Wall Street expects Broadcom to post 34% year-over-year growth in adjusted earnings per share for the fiscal third quarter.Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg





In this Article
Broadcom Inc
302.39
1.39%

Follow
Marvell Technology Inc
62.31
3.54%

Follow
Contact us:
Provide news feedback or report an error
Confidential tip?
Send a tip to our reporters
Site feedback:
Take our Survey
By Carmen Reinicke
September 4, 2025 at 10:46 AM GMT+2

Save

Listen

6:48

Takeaways by Bloomberg AI

Hide
Investors are looking for a spark from Broadcom Inc.'s earnings report after a more than 100% rally in its shares since April.
The risk of the results being a “sell the news” event for the market is real based on recent earnings reports from AI chipmakers.
Wall Street expects Broadcom to post 34% year-over-year growth in adjusted earnings per share for the fiscal third quarter to $1.67, and a 21% jump in revenue to $15.8 billion.
Investors worried about faltering momentum in the artificial intelligence trade are looking for a spark from Thursday’s earnings report by the world’s hottest chipmaker: Broadcom Inc.

But after the more than 100% rally in Broadcom shares since they bottomed in April, adding about $730 billion to the company’s market value and making it the third-best performer in the Nasdaq 100 Index during that time, the issue is how much further the stock can run — even off blowout results.

“The bar is high because the stock has performed well, but their business is performing really well,” said Joseph Shaposhnik, portfolio manager of the Rainwater Equity ETF, which has Broadcom as its third-largest position. “The short-term weather seems to be amenable to a decent quarter. But it’s up a lot, so anything is possible.”

Broadcom's Stock Growth Outpaces Nvidia
Shares have more than doubled from an early April bottom


Source: Bloomberg

Data is normalized with percentage appreciation as of April 4, 2025.

The risk of the results being a “sell the news” event for the market is real based on recent earnings reports from AI chipmakers. Nvidia Corp.’s stock is down more than 6%, erasing roughly $270 billion in market value, after the company’s results on Aug. 27 included a lukewarm revenue forecast that was actually in line with Wall Street estimates. And shares of Marvell Technology Inc., a close Broadcom competitor, plunged 19% on Friday after its data center revenue missed estimates.

The Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index has fallen 4% since Nvidia’s report, compared with a less than 1% decline for the tech-heavy Nasdaq 100. Arm Holdings Plc is down more than 6% while Advanced Micro Devices Inc. is off 3%.

With the bar set increasingly high, it won’t be a shock if Broadcom shares also slip, at least in the short term, following its results, which are due after the bell. That’s what the stock did after the company’s previous earnings report in June, which topped analysts’ estimates.

Wall Street expects Broadcom to post 34% year-over-year growth in adjusted earnings per share for the fiscal third quarter to $1.67, and a 21% jump in revenue to $15.8 billion. The expansion is being driven by billions of dollars in spending by hyperscalers including Alphabet Inc., Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft Corp.

Buying Opportunity
“It may be hard for Broadcom to raise expectations on this call considering it said it would already grow its AI revenue by 60% next year,” Ben Reitzes at Melius Research wrote in a note to clients on Sept. 2 in which he raised his price target to $335 from $305. “However, the company seems to be firing on all cylinders and we’d use any weakness as a buying opportunity since there is such a shortage of this type of leadership outside Nvidia in AI.”

Analysts who cover Broadcom have long been bullish on the stock, but they’re seeing limited upside from here. The average price target is about $308 and the shares closed Wednesday at $302.39.

Broadcom is the biggest designer of what the industry calls ASICs, or application-specific integrated circuits. The company helps owners of large data centers, such as Alphabet’s Google, to create their own chips. That business unit, one of several inside its semiconductor division, has helped Broadcom become one of Wall Street’s favorite picks as a beneficiary of the AI boom.

Investors are likely to focus on the company’s AI growth trajectory and will be looking for an update on four in-development engagements for its XPU ASIC chips, Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Kunjan Sobhani wrote in a note on Wednesday.

Other key areas to watch include growth in VMware as well as the pace of recovery in the non-AI semiconductor business, which could help the chipmaker regain some lost ground in gross margins.

“With its non-AI semi business (27% of F25E sales) down roughly 40% from the peak, we believe that business should recover and offset some gross margin dilution from the AI business,” Citigroup analyst Christopher Danely wrote in an Aug. 26 note reiterating a buy rating on the stock.

Of course, Broadcom shares could avoid the same fate as Nvidia and Marvell. The company doesn’t have the same degree of exposure to China as Nvidia, and it has shown an ability to capture spending by big technology companies building out their own AI infrastructure.

“Marvell obviously falling short of that data center revenue, it kind of lets you know that it is still a competitive marketplace and we are starting to see winners and losers,” said Brian Mulberry, client portfolio manager at Zacks Investment Management. “The pivot is going to be more toward those companies that are actually winning that return on invested capital” like Broadcom.

Tech Chart of the Day


Cambricon Technologies Corp. shares tumbled by the most in nearly five months after investors cashed out of one of the more spectacular Chinese stock rallies of 2025. Shares of the AI chip designer fell as much as 16%, extending losses into a second day. That helped wipe 6.9% off the SSE Science and Technology Innovation Board 50 or Star 50 Index. That selloff reflected growing wariness about a recent surge in tech stocks and the broader Chinese market, as well as Cambricon’s doubling in market value this year.

Top Tech Stories
Tech industry leaders including Meta Platforms Inc.’s Mark Zuckerberg, Apple Inc.’s Tim Cook, and Microsoft Corp.’s Satya Nadella are expected to attend an artificial intelligence event hosted by First Lady Melania Trump on Thursday and then join President Donald Trump for an evening reception in the newly renovated Rose Garden.
Apple Inc. is planning to launch its own artificial intelligence-powered web search tool next year, stepping up competition with OpenAI and Perplexity AI Inc.
Vantage Data Centers is considering acquiring Yondr Group’s assets in Malaysia in a move that would help their joint backer, DigitalBridge Group Inc., simplify its portfolio and boost growth in the Asia Pacific region, according to people familiar with the matter.
Meta Platforms Inc., Google, TikTok Inc. and other digital platforms have been told by Australia’s online safety regulator to prepare now for the country’s social-media ban for under-16s — three months out from when the law comes into force.
Earnings Due Thursday
Earnings Premarket:
Ciena Corp. (CIEN US)
Science Applications Internati (SAIC US)
Earnings Postmarket:
Broadcom Inc. (AVGO US)
Docusign Inc. (DOCU US)
EGain Corp. (EGAN US)
Guidewire Software Inc. (GWRE US)
New US Stocks Insights & Wraps
“Equity Insights” are short stories on equity market color, combining key insights from traders, strategists, reporters and more. They can be found by running NI EQINSIGHT, and can be subscribed to here.

“Before the Bell” is a daily story with all you need to know before the open on Wall Street. On the Terminal, click here to see it and subscribe.

The “S&P Week in Review” is a wrap of equity events, published every Friday. On the Terminal, click here to see it and subscribe. The “S&P Month in Review” comes on the last day of the month. Click here to see and subscribe.